Wake up in the morning and having a panic attack?

What happens when body is in state of panic?

 a. Body is in state of alert 
 b. And my mind has no explanation for why it is happening
 c. Mind gets really scared because body is doing something
    that normally only happens when there is danger.
 d. But there is no danger !!!!!!!

But I don't know the difference!
Where I would literally have panic attack after panic attack
and then I'd be afraid of having a panic attack and then I would have
a panic attack

Solution:
  a. When you feel that don't lie in the bed
  b. Stand up immediately
  c. Now body thinks I am getting away from danger
  d. Positive thought so powerful it pulls us out of current mindset
     and into that moment
  e. Imagine a situation/vision where you feel centered and grounded like govt job
  f. It breaks panic pattern. Mind is going to be happy because I will have a good
     job
  g. We have to give mind an explanation to get it to calm your body down



Fear:

Fear is real
Fear/Excitement = Same physical state
Only difference what your brain calls it.
When you are afraid, tell your brain that you are excited
Count 5-4-3-2-1 and tell that you are going to have 30k after the month
By this u trick ur brain and turn fear into excitement

Cope With Anxiety:

1. You are in control of ur life
2. Do anything how bad it becomes. Don't wait for too much perfection
3. Forgive urself/ seek forgiveness from Allah
4. Have a purpose and meaning in ur life. like - help the needy, poor


Self Confidence:

1. It is a skill
2. To believe in urself to accomplish any task no matter the odds, difficulty, adversity


How to build Self Confidence:

1. Repetition, Repetition, Repetition
2. Practice, Practice. Don't accept failure
3. We all have negative self talk that goes in our head.
   Negative thought affects our action. We need self affirmation rathen than negative self talk
   I am the greatest in my team. And  actually I am. There is no one better than me
4. Never believe negative people who tears u down
5. Self confident people interpret feedback the way they choose to do
   They have own perception how good they are
6. No one will believe in you unless you do




দুশ্চিন্তা কমাবো কিভাবে?

১. জোরে শ্বাস নিন,ছাড়ুন।

২."টাইম- আউট" প্র‍্যাক্টিস করুন। অর্থাৎ, যা আপনার দুশ্চিন্তার কারণ, তার থেকে নির্দিষ্ট সময়ের জন্য দূরত্ব রাখুন।

৩. নিজের চিন্তাগুলোকে চ্যালেঞ্জ করুন।আপনি ঠিক ভাবছেন তো?

৪. অনুভূতির উপর ফোকাস করুন। আপনার হার্টবিট কি বাড়ছে? মাথা দপদপ করছে? অতিরিক্ত নার্ভাস লাগছে?

৫. আপনার অনুভূতিগুলো কে নিয়ন্ত্রণ করছে ভেবে দেখুন। অন্যকে বেশি গুরুত্ব দেয়া হয়ে যাচ্ছে না তো?

৬. আশেপাশের ৩টি জিনিস দেখুন, ৩টি স্বাদ গ্রহণ করুন, ৩টি জিনিস হাত দিয়ে ছুঁয়ে অনুভব করুন।

৭. নিজের যত্ন নিন।

৮. জীবনে কৃতজ্ঞ থাকার মত ৫টি বিষয় মনে করুন।

৯. ব্যায়াম করুন।

১০. ওজন, খাবার, ঘুম - নিজের নিয়ন্ত্রণে রাখুন।


























